LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
package.json
setup.cfg
setup.py
setupbase.py
tsconfig.json
jupyter-config/snippetlib_jl.json
snippetlib_jl/.DS_Store
snippetlib_jl/__init__.py
snippetlib_jl/_version.py
snippetlib_jl/handlers.py
snippetlib_jl/loader.py
snippetlib_jl/paste_snippet.py
snippetlib_jl/upload_snippet.py
snippetlib_jl.egg-info/PKG-INFO
snippetlib_jl.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
snippetlib_jl.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
snippetlib_jl.egg-info/not-zip-safe
snippetlib_jl.egg-info/requires.txt
snippetlib_jl.egg-info/top_level.txt
snippetlib_jl/labextension/snippetlib_jl-0.3.2.tgz
snippetlib_jl/menu/.DS_Store
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/.gitignore
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/LICENSE
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/MANIFEST.in
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/Makefile
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/PKG-INFO
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/README.md
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/add_snippets.png
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/build_snippetlib_jl.bat
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/kd_snippets_jl.png
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/package.json
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/setup.cfg
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/setup.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/setupbase.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/showcase.png
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/tsconfig.json
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/tsconfig.tsbuildinfo
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/yarn.lock
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/LICENSE
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/README.md
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/HEAD
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/config
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/description
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/index
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/packed-refs
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/applypatch-msg.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/commit-msg.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/fsmonitor-watchman.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/post-update.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/pre-applypatch.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/pre-commit.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/pre-push.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/pre-rebase.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/pre-receive.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/prepare-commit-msg.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/hooks/update.sample
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/info/exclude
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/logs/HEAD
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/logs/refs/heads/master
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/logs/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/objects/info/alternates
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/refs/heads/master
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/.git/refs/remotes/origin/HEAD
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Documentation Pandas
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Read/Read csv.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Read/Read pickle.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Read/Example Data/California housing.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Read/Example Data/Diabetes.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Read/Example Data/Double pendulum.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Read/Example Data/Earthquakes.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Read/Example Data/Iris.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Read/Example Data/Stock data.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Transform/Apply function to attribute.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Transform/Merge on same key.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Transform/Scale and Normalize.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Transform/Select only numeric attributes.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Transform/Set timestamp as index.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Transform/Split into binary attributes.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Write/Write pickle.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Data/Write/Write to csv.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Documentation Scikit Learn
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Classification/Decision Tree.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Classification/Documentation
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Classification/Gradient Boosting.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Classification/KNN-CLassifier.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Classification/Logistic Regression.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Classification/SVM.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Clustering/DB-Scan clustering.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Clustering/Documentation
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Clustering/Hierarchical clustering.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Clustering/K-Means clustering.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Clustering/Plot silhouette values.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Clustering/Spectal clustering.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Clustering/Spectral Bi-Cluster.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Embedding/Documentation Decomposition
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Embedding/Documentation Manifold
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Embedding/Isomap.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Embedding/LLE.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Embedding/MDS.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Embedding/PCA.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Embedding/t-SNE.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Documentation
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Gradient Boosting.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/KNN-Regressor.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Lasso regression.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Linear model.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Neural Network.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Non-negative Least Squares.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Random Forrest Regressor.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Regression tree.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Ridge Regression.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/SVR.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Regression/Theil-Sen regression.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Utils/Confusion matrix.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Utils/Get predictions.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Utils/Pairwise distances.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Utils/Plot Decision Tree.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Utils/Plot linear model.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Utils/Regression Scatter-plot.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Utils/Train-Test split.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Modelling/Utils/X-val score.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Bokeh/Bokeh imports.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Bokeh/Custom hovertool.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Bokeh/Documentation
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Bokeh/Geo plot.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Bokeh/Histogram.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Bokeh/Line Plot.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Bokeh/Scatter 2D.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Bokeh/Table.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/2D Scatter (colored).py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/2D Scatter.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/3D Scatter (colored).py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/3D Scatter.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Andrews Curves.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Correllation Matrix.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Documentation
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Heatmap.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Hexbin Matrix.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Hexbins.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Hist from attribute.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/KDEs per Attribute.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Line plot.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Matplotlib/Scatter Matrix.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/Bar counts.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/Documentation
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/Hexbin plot.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/Histogram.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/KDE given attribute.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/KDE of all attributes.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/Line plot.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/List of line plots.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/Pie chart.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Standard/Pandas/Scatter plot.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Utils/Categorical colormap.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Utils/Color by index position.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Utils/Colorize DataFrame.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Plotting/Utils/Custom colormaps.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Utils/Autorun all cells on startup
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Utils/Flask server.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Utils/Geo-location by name.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Utils/Interactive table filtering.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Utils/Pandas profiling.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Utils/Pivot table JS.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/baseSnippets/Utils/Visualize missing values.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/build/lib/snippetlib_jl/__init__.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/build/lib/snippetlib_jl/_version.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/build/lib/snippetlib_jl/handlers.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/build/lib/snippetlib_jl/loader.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/build/lib/snippetlib_jl/paste_snippet.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/build/lib/snippetlib_jl/upload_snippet.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/jupyter-config/snippetlib_jl.json
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/lib/index.d.ts
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/lib/index.js
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/lib/snippets.d.ts
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/lib/snippets.js
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/.DS_Store
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/__init__.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/_version.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/handlers.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/loader.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/paste_snippet.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/upload_snippet.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl.egg-info/PKG-INFO
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl.egg-info/not-zip-safe
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl.egg-info/requires.txt
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl.egg-info/top_level.txt
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/labextension/snippetlib_jl-0.3.2.tgz
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/menu/.DS_Store
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/Base imports.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/How to create new snippets.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/How to upload your snippets.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/src/index.ts
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/src/snippets.ts
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/style/index.css
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/tests/requirements.txt
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/tests/test_loader.py
snippetlib_jl/menu/KD-Snippets/tests/test_upload_snippets.py
src/index.ts
src/snippets.ts
style/index.css