[console_scripts]
rhubarbe = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-accountsmanager = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-config = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-images = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-info = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-inventory = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-load = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-monitorleases = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-monitornodes = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-monitorphones = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-nodes = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-off = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-on = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-reset = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-resolve = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-save = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-share = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-status = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-template = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-usrpoff = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-usrpon = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-usrpstatus = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-version = rhubarbe.__main__:main
rhubarbe-wait = rhubarbe.__main__:main

